# Animalssound

Animals is the title of a multimedia project whose content is based on the importance of biodiversity. About the need to be so small, ugly or strange but infinitely different. Any biological variability of genes, species, ecological niches and ecosystems with the genetic resources necessary to be determinant in a single species. The species described by science are about 1,750,000, while the value of those estimated fluctuates on much larger numbers. Extinction, i.e. the disappearance of a species, is the main threat to biodiversity. The term derives from the Greek bios meaning life and from the Latin diversitas which means difference or diversity; the importance of biodiversity is mainly given by the concept that: life on earth, including that of the human species, is possible thanks to the so-called services provided by ecosystems that maintain a certain level of functionality. The philosopher Henri Bergson in the first half of the twentieth century dealt with the evolutionary strategies and vital impulses of living organisms and their tendency to development and differentiation. In the years of industrial development, the policies were strongly anthropocentric and considered natural resources as a practically infinite and inexhaustible good available to man. This historical period and the choices that characterized it, have life in Western countries but at the cost of a destruction and environmental degradation of which we are paying the consequences today. The first part of the animals project consists in the creation of a series of audio-video fragments of which the visual subjects are the animals and the sounds are small sound compositions that try to support the movements of the actors. The audio-video materials are published via a social page: Instagram.

The project presents a second a second Git Hub page in which in addition to the description of the artistic idea, there will be a small interactive application; clicking on the icons representing the animals Sì will listen to a soundscape related to the context in which the species lives.

<iframe src="https://editor.p5js.org/marcocucciniellopreset/full/X5bfHW2yY" style = "height: 100%; width: 100%; border: none;"></iframe>


link_ [Totem]https://editor.p5js.org/marcocucciniellopreset/sketches/X5bfHW2yY
